---
id: dnnva352
title: Pict Views
file_version: 1.1.2
app_version: 1.10.2
---

Pict is a non-opinionated set of tools to provide Model, View and Controller patterns to web applications, console applications and other applications where the UI is primarily represented as text strings.

According to Wikipedia, the acknowledged universal source of truth for humanity, a software View is:

> View
> 
> Any representation of information such as a chart, diagram or table. Multiple views of the same information are possible, such as a bar chart for management and a tabular view for accountants.
> 
> In Smalltalk-80, a view is just a visual representation of a model, and does not handle user input. With WebObjects, a view represents a complete user interface element such as a menu or button, and does receive input from the user. In both Smalltalk-80 and WebObjects, however, views are meant to be general-purpose and composable.
> 
> With Rails and Django, the role of the view is played by HTML templates, so in their scheme a view specifies an in-browser user interface rather than representing a user interface widget directly. (Django opts to call this kind of object a "template" in light of this.) This approach puts relatively less emphasis on small, composable views; a typical Rails view has a one-to-one relationship with a controller action.
> 
> Smalltalk-80 views communicate with both a model and a controller, whereas with WebObjects, a view talks only to a controller, which then talks to a model. With Rails and Django, a view/template is used by a controller/view when preparing a response to the client.

The vocabulary used in a pict view is:

<br/>

|Term      |Definition                              |
|----------|----------------------------------------|
|Initialize|<br/>                                   |
|Manifest  |A manyfest description of a JSON object.|
|Render    |<br/>                                   |
|Renderable|<br/>                                   |
|Solve     |<br/>                                   |
|Template  |<br/>                                   |

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBcGljdC12aWV3JTNBJTNBc3RldmVudmVsb3pv/docs/dnnva352).
